the paca was the undisputed idol of
girls from Granada
rebel can be the sex symbol of the
supporters but if we talk about football that
the shy curler puts it while hundreds
of young people do almost of packers there
who dream of a better future far
Mexico's most beloved team
more talented supporters like saying the
only babe up to the last number of
your plane tickets one is pure nerve
prior to takeoff
robinho looks a little more relaxed
prove the basic forces of a
first team is the opportunity to
their lives
The first thing they do is pray for
stay in monarchs
then undergo a diet
balanced to close the morning with the
essential shopping minutes later
the training center monarchs morelia
opens doors for you on the 10th and the 100th
supporters do not arrive as figures
on the contrary they look isolated from
group the rivals are taller and more
strong but do not have your heart
while nun is subjected to exercises
wearing robinho fails in the hand to
hand passes no mistake
they intimidate kicks to be who they are
used to being told nice
I am going to ask you that those who wear a coat
let her deposit her here
and thank you very much for your assistance but
it is clear that they do not start with the foot
right at the end of the day appears the
robinho we all know the one of the
cadence
the triathlete who runs
does the bicycle
At the end
nothing is very intermittent then what
you have to work and especially in the
mental aspect for him to win
null confidence in both is a solid
rock in defense then with a bit of
physical work to the best you can put
at par
to the boys who come
it's part of the business and the game but
to talk to us even though they are
They are stolen or not take them without warning
less than 100 meters per each thiago
welcomes you to the dressing room and
immediately they become the signings
media that hobby so longed for
of monarchs to return to the good
times not if they are going to stay or not
But if he leaves, do not stay.
to start studying but really a
fan of the tough negotiations with the
tycoon who will not let go so
He has easily gone to his best
players
for tomorrow
Well yes I would say to the restaurant Mr.
the one that had more ethics and that before
prove a player with them and of
accept it your team will talk to the
directive if you do not close the doors
null and robinho may be the first
transfers in the history of the worst
medical team